docs(srv): split troubleshootings into multiple pages MTA-5198 (#3955)
scaleway/docs-content: serverless/functions/troubleshooting/handler-not-found.mdx

---
meta:
  title: Unable to find the function handler
  description: Troubleshoot problems with finding the handler when using Scaleway Serverless Functions.
content:
  h1: Unable to find the function handler
  paragraph: Troubleshoot problems with finding the handler when using Scaleway Serverless Functions.
tags: serverless functions troubleshooting issue error function handler execution run cannot find
dates:
  validation: 2024-11-06
  posted: 2024-11-06
categories:
  - serverless
---

## Problem

> My serverless Function is unable to find the Handler during its execution, and displays an error message similar to the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
My serverless Function is unable to find the handler during its execution, and displays an error message similar to the following:
```

```
Function Handler does not exist, check that you provided the right HANDLER parameter …
```

Or

```
Provided Handler does not exist, or does not export methods properly
```

## Cause

> The systems cannot find the function which will handle the request. It can be related to an error in your code before your `handle` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The systems cannot find the function that should handle the request. It can be related to an error in your code before your `handle` function.
```

> The systems cannot find the function that should handle the request. It can be related to an error in your code before your `handle` function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The systems cannot find the function that should handle the request. It may be related to an error in your code before your `handle` function.
```

## Possible solutions

- Make sure to provide the right handler path.

> - If you used a zip file, make sure the dependencies are present in your [zip package](/serverless/functions/how-to/package-function-dependencies-in-zip/).
> 
> - If you used the Serverless framework, ensure the `.serverless` directory created with `serverless package` contains your zip file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you have used a zip file, make sure the dependencies are present in your [zip package](/serverless/functions/how-to/package-function-dependencies-in-zip/).

- If you have used the Serverless framework, ensure the `.serverless` directory created with `serverless package` contains your zip file.
```

- Make sure that the dependencies folders (`node_modules` or `package` in Python) are in package/include.

> - Serverless Functions rely on Alpine Linux, therefore, some C-based libraries (`pandas`, `tensorflow`, `numpy`) will not work. Refer to the official documentation to safely add these libraries to your package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Serverless Functions rely on Alpine Linux. Therefore, some C-based libraries (`pandas`, `tensorflow`, `numpy`) will not work. Refer to the official documentation to safely add these libraries to your package.
```

Reviewer: maybe link to the official doc
